Hello guys you're reaching the end of the internationalization process.
You already have a fully translatable thing at hand.
And in today's lesson we're going to create a file whose purpose is to save as a template for anyone
who wants to translate our theme in any language.
The first thing we need for this lesson is to download an application called Paul added.
Paul added is one of the most used software for internationalization of the most diverse applications.
It's free and it's cross-platform which means you'll be able to use it regardless of the operating system
you have.
So what a show here on my computer which uses the Makower system you also be able to do it in Windows
or Linux.
So as each operating system has its own way of installing applications I'm not show here how to install
it.
OK but if you still don't have the software installed.
Just visit the project page which is on both added dot net and go ahead and download and install the
application.
So let's fire up pu'er did and when he opened it we have this option below translate WordPress theme
or plug in.
But unfortunately this is a premium future.
If you click here you end up realizing that it's a future available only in the Pro version of the application.
Even so you can still go ahead and create our translation files but they need to take some shortcuts.
So follow me from the top menu of I did head over to file new.
Let's choose the language of the translation.
Let's start with English OK.
OK.
Now we need to navigate through file saith And we can save the translation file inside our things.
Language folder.
The software will save your file as an underscore us that file and also generate another file called
an underscore you start M-O.
Let's go to our language folder because we need to remove one of these files and rename the other one.
Well here are the files.
So the file with the Emel extension is not useful for us at the moment.
So I'm going to delete this file.
But the leftover file I'm going to rename it to learn WPA and its extension to that O.T. you can go
ahead and do this without any worries.
Even if you see some warning popping up on the screen since it's just a plain text file.
So don't worry.
Now back to the main software page we see this message here.
It says that there are no translations yet.
Click here in extracts from sources and Paul and it will take you to the catalogue properties window.
Now click on the source path tab and here again the path to our file.
And these two areas can include and exclude more paths.
We click on this first plus sign and now we need to select or things fall.
Pay attention because it's the thing for the UK not the translations folder
OK.
And note here that this little thought is just not finish out we're going to click the next tab.
And the purpose here is just to do according to what we're saying up here use these key words function
names to recognize translatable strings insert files let's include here the two functions we used in
Arfin files.
And we're going to also include three other functions we came across in other template files as we are
including the translation functions.
That was the last lesson.
For example here in search form that BHB we these two other functions ask to X an underscore X those
functions are already in this file because remember this file here have been copied from the 2016 themes
folder.
And what it did was only replace the text domain here from 2016 to learn W.P..
So we need to add them in our list to click the plus sign.
The first function used was the underscore function as added to the list and we did the same thing.
And the other translation function we used.
Now as soon as actually.
OK our beauty file we populate it automatically with all the translation strings that bowhead it can
find inside files.
And look how cool it is.
All the strings that have been wrapped by those translation functions underscore the double underscores
underscore X on the square and the hags and as attribute backs were built here automatically.
We can now have a translation template file ready to be delivered to anyone.
So for example if we have a list of collaborators you a thing you can send them a copy of this file
and they can translate your film into any language.
Finally let's go to the File menu and save our work.
You can go back to the language folder.
And as you can see our files here let's do with the extension.
Let's just rename the file to P.O.D..
And if you open this file in sublime
we see that it's only a translation file but without the translations pull added automatically as the
name of the file or the string was found along with this line number does make translation quite easy
especially when the translator doesn't understand the context of each individual sentence.
Based on this file here anyone can generate the pill and M-O files using poetic itself.
Your task as the developer whenever you come across a theme project that needs to be internationalized
localized for one reason or another.
These are the steps that you need to follow right.
Well I hope you have enjoyed it that you have understood that at least you have acquired a totally new
knowledge with these lessons await you then in the next section which finally will be the last one in
the scores and Jovem by.